GAME OF THRONES
Episode 9
You've seen better days.
my lord.
Another visit?
It seems
you're my last friend.
No. no.
Many still love you.
Sansa came to court this morning
to plead for your life.
On her knees? Begging for me?
And did you laugh with the others?
You do me wrong. my lord. Your
blood is the last thing I want.
You don't know what you want.
I've given up trying to guess.
When I was still a boy. before they
cut off my balls off with a hot knife.
I traveled with a group of actors
through the Free Cities.
They taught me that each man
has a role to play.
The same is true at court.
I am the master of whisperers.
My role is to be sly and
obsequious and without scruples.
I'm a good actor. my lord.
Can you free me
from this pit?
I could.
But will I? No.
As I said. I'm no hero.
What do you want? Tell me.
no riddles. no stories.
tell me what you want.
Peace.
Did you know that your son marches
south with an army of northmen?
Loyal lad! Fighting
for his father's freedom...
Robb? He's only a boy...
Boys have been
conquerors before.
But the man giving Cersei
sleepless nights is the king's...
the late king's brother.
Lord Stannis has the best claim
to the throne.
He's a proven battle commander
and he's utterly without mercy.
Stannis Baratheon
is Robert's true heir.
The throne is his by rights.
Sansa begged so sweetly
for your life.
it would be a shame
to throw it away.
Cersei's no fool. She knows
a tame wolf is more use to her
than a dead one.
You want me to serve the woman
who murdered my king.
butchered my men
and crippled my son?
I want you
to serve the realm.
Tell the queen you will
confess your vile treason.
tell your son to lay down his sword.
and proclaim Joffrey as the true heir.
Cersei knows
you're a man of honor.
If you give her the peace she needs
and promise to carry
her secret to your grave.
I believe she'll allow you
to take the black and live out
your days on the Wall.
with your brother
and your bastard son.
You think my life is some
precious thing to me.
that I would trade my honor
for a few more years of...
of what?
You grew up with actors.
You learned their craft
and you learned it well.
But I grew up with soldiers.
I learned how to die
a long time ago.
A pity. Such a pity.
What of your daughter's life.
my lord?
Is that a precious thing
to you?
It's a birthday message
to his grand-niece Walda.
Or so Walder Frey
would have you think.
Keep shooting them down.
We can't risk Lord Walder
sending word of your movements
to the Lannisters.
He's grandfather's bannerman.
We can't expect his support?
Expect nothing of Walder Frey.
and you will never be surprised.
Look.
Father rots in a dungeon.
How long before they take his head?
We need to cross the Trident
and we need to do it now.
March up to his gates
and tell him you're crossing.
We've got five times his numbers.
You can take the Twins.
Not in time. Tywin Lannister
marches north as we speak.
The Freys have held the crossing
for 600 years.
and they have never failed
to exact their toll.
Have my horse saddled
and ready.
Enter the Twins alone and he'll sell
you to the Lannisters as he likes.
Or throw you in a dungeon.
Or slit your throat.
My father would do whatever it took
to secure our crossing.
Whatever it took.
As leader of this army.
I can't have other men
doing my bargaining for me.
I agree. I'll go.
I've known Lord Walder
since I was a girl.
He would never harm me.
Unless there was
a profit in it.
What do you want?
It is a great pleasure to see you
after so many years my lord.
Spare me. Your boy's too proud
to come before me himself.
What am supposed
to do with you?
Father...
you forget yourself.
- Lady Stark...
- Who asked you?
You're not Lord Frey yet.
not until I die.
- Do I look dead to you?
- Father. please...
I need lessons in courtesy
from you. bastard?
Your mother would still be
a milkmaid
if I hadn't squirted you
into her belly.
Alright. you come forward.
There. Now that I have done
the courtesy. perhaps my sons
will do me the honor
of shutting their mouths.
- Is there somewhere we can talk?
- We're talking now.
Fine. Out!
All of you!
You too!
You see that?
Fifteen. she is.
A little flower.
And her honey's all mine.
I'm sure she will give you
many sons.
Your father didn't come
to the wedding.
He is quite ill. my lord.
Didn't come to the last one either.
or the one before that.
Your family
has always pissed on me.
Don't deny it!
You know it's true.
The fine Lord Tully would never
marry any of his children to mine.
- I'm sure there were reasons...
- I didn't need reasons!
I needed to get rid
of sons and daughters.
You see how they pile up.
Why are you here?
To ask you to open your gates.
so my son and his bannermen
can cross the Trident
and be on their way.
Why should I let him?
If you could climb your own
battlements. you would see
that he has twenty thousand men
outside your walls.
They'll be twenty thousand corpses
when Tywin Lannister gets here.
Don't try to frighten me.
Lady Stark.
Your husband's in a cell
beneath the Red Keep.
and your son's got no fur
to keep his balls warm.
You swore an oath
to my father.
Oh yes. I said some words...
but I swore oaths to the crown too.
if I remember right.
Joffrey's king now.
which makes your boy and his
corpses-to-be nothing but rebels.
it seems to me.
If I had the sense
the gods gave a fish.
I'd hand you both
over to the Lannisters.
Why don't you?
Stark. Tully. Lannister.
Baratheon...
give me one good reason why I should
waste a thought on any of you?
When does Aemon think you'll be
able to use that hand?
Soon. he said.
Good. You'll be ready
for this. then.
A wolf seemed more appropriate
for you than a bear.
So I had a new pommel made.
called Longclaw.
Works as well for wolves
as for bears. I think.
This is Valyrian steel.
It was my father's sword.
and his father's before him.
The Mormonts have carried it
for five centuries.
It was meant
for my son. Jorah.
He brought dishonor upon our house.
but at least he had the grace
to leave the sword
before he fled from Westeros.
My lord... you honor me.
but I can't.
You can and you will.
I wouldn't be sitting here
if it weren't for you
and your beast.
A bloody dead man
tried to kill me.
You'll take it.
and I'll hear no more of it.
- Is that understood?
- Yes. my lord.
And don't think this means
I approve of that nonsense
between you
and Alliser Thorne.
That's a man's sword
you have there.
and it'll take a man
to wield it.
I'll apologize
to Ser Alliser tonight.
No you won't. I sent him
to King's Landing yesterday.
The hand your wolf tore off
that thing's wrist...
I've commanded Thorne to lay it
at the feet of this boy king.
Should get
young Joffrey's attention.
And it puts a thousand leagues
between you and Thorne.
Now go put that sword
somewhere safe.
and then bring me my supper.
Yes. my lord.
Well done.
You earned that. Snow.
- Go on. let's have a look.
- At what?
The sword!
Show us the sword!
Sword! Sword!
I wanna have a look at it
in the light.
What is it?
- I can't.
- Can't what?
I'm really not supposed
to say...
And yet.
you really want to say...
You want to say that...
There was a raven. I read
the message to Maester Aemon.
- It's your brother. Robb.
- What!? What about him?
He's heading south. to war.
All his bannermen
have rallied to his side.
They'll keep him safe.
I should be there.
I should be with him.
Well?
What did he say?
Lord Walder has granted
your crossing.
His men are yours as well.
less the 400 he'll keep here
to hold the crossing
against any who would pursue you.
And what does he want
in return?
You'll be taking on his son
Olyvar as your personal squire.
He expects a knighthood.
in good time.
Fine. fine.
And?
And Arya will marry his son Waldron
when they both come of age.
She won't be happy
about that.
And?
And. when the fighting is done.
you will marry
one of his daughters.
Whichever you prefer.
He has a number
he thinks will be suitable.
I see.
Did you get
a look at his daughters?
I did.
- And?
- One was...
- Do you consent?
- Can I refuse?
Not if you want to cross.
Then I consent.
Sam said you wanted
to see me?
I did indeed.
Perhaps you will be
kind enough to assist me.
Did you ever wonder why the men
of the Night's Watch
take no wives
and father no children?
No.
So they will not love.
Love is the death of duty.
If the day should
ever come when your lord father
was forced to choose between honor
on the one hand
and those he loves on the other.
what would he do?
He would do whatever was right.
No matter what.
Then Lord Stark is one man
in ten thousand.
Most of us
are not so strong.
What is honor compared
to a woman's love?
What is duty against the feel
of a newborn son in your arms...
or a brother's smile?
Sam told you.
We are all human.
We all do our duty.
when there is no cost to it.
Honor comes easy. then.
Yet sooner or later
in every man's life.
there comes a day
when it is not easy.
A day when he must choose.
And this is my day?
Is that what you're saying?
It hurts. boy. Oh yes.
- I know.
- You don't know. No one knows.
I may be a bastard.
but he is my father.
And Robb is my brother.
The gods were cruel when they saw
fit to test my vows.
They waited until I was old.
What could I do when the ravens
brought the news from the south?
The ruin of my house.
The death of my family.
I was helpless.
blind and frail...
And yet. when I heard
they'd killed my brother's son.
and his poor son...
and the children...
even the little children...
Who are you?
My father was Maekar.
the First of his Name.
My brother Aegon reigned after him.
when I had refused the throne.
And he was followed
by his son. Aerys.
Whom they called
the Mad King.
You're Aemon Targaryen?
I am a Maester of the Citadel.
bound in service to Castle Black
and the Night's Watch.
I will not tell you to stay or go.
You must make that choice yourself.
live with it for
the rest of your days.
As I have.
My lord.
My sun and stars.
Drogo.
My horse...
Blood of my blood.
No. I must ride...
He fell from his horse.
A Khal who cannot ride
is no Khal.
He's tired. that's all.
He needs to rest.
We've ridden far enough today.
We'll camp here.
This is no place to camp.
A woman does not give us orders.
Not even a khaleesi.
We camp here. Tell them
Khal Drogo commanded it.
You do not command me.
Khaleesi.
Find Mirri Maz Duur.
Bring her to Jm.
The witch?
I'll bring you her head.
Bring her to me. unharmed.
or Khal Drogo will hear
why you defied me.
Our scouts tell us the Stark host
has moved south from the Twins.
with Lord Frey's levies in tow.
They are
a day's march north.
The boy may lack experience
and sense. but he does have
a certain mindless.
provincial courage...
Do continue.
Didn't mean to interrupt.
I hope your savages will be
of use.
Otherwise we've wasted
good steel on them.
The great hairy one insisted
he must have two battle axes.
Heavy black steel.
double-sided.
Shagga likes axes.
When the battle commences.
you and your wildlings
will be in the vanguard.
The vanguard?
Me and the tribesmen.
They do seem
rather ferocious.
Last night. a Moon Brother stabbed
a Stone Crow over a sausage.
Three Stone Crows seized the
Moon Brother and opened his throat.
Bronn kept Shagga from
chopping off the dead man's cock.
which was fortunate. but even so.
Ulf is demanding blood money.
which Gunthor and Shagga
refuse to pay.
When soldiers lack discipline.
fault lies with their commander.
Surely there are ways to have me
killed that would be
less detrimental
to the war effort.
There will be no more
discussion on the matter.
It seems I'm not hungry after all.
You'll excuse me. my lords.
Where did you find one
this pretty at this hour?
- I took her.
- Took her from whom?
From Ser... what's his name?
I dunno. some ginger cunt
three tents down.
And he didn't have
anything to say about it?
He said something.
Well. the odds of me living
long enough for him to retaliate
just dropped drastically.
We'll be at the vanguard tomorrow.
I think I'll go
find myself one.
- Who are you?
- Who would you like me to be?
What did your mother call you?
Shae. What did
your mother call you?
My mother died
giving birth to me.
Is that why I'm here? So we can
talk about our mothers?
- What kind of accent is that?
- Foreign.
- What do you want from me?
- What do I want from you...
I want you to share my tent.
pour my wine. laugh at my jokes.
and rub my legs when they're sore
after a day's ride.
I want you to take no other man to bed
for as long as we're together.
And I want you to fuck me like
it's my last night in this world.
Which it may well be.
And what do I get?
One: safety.
No one will hurt you
for as long as you're mine.
Two: the pleasure of my company.
Which. I've heard. is spectacular.
Who told you this?
Women you paid?
And three: more gold than you could
spend if you lived a thousand years.
Do you accept my proposal?
Let's start with your last night
in this world.
Khaleesi.
Come!
He's very strong. Nobody
understands how strong he is.
He will die tonight.
Princess.
He can't. He can't.
I won't let him.
Even a queen
doesn't have that power.
We must go. quickly.
I've heard there's a good port
in Asshai.
- I'm not leaving him.
- He's already gone. khaleesi.
Even if he dies.
why would I run?
I am khaleesi.
My son will be khal after Drogo.
This is not Westeros.
where men honor blood.
Here they only honor strength.
There will be fighting
when Drogo dies.
and whoever wins the fighting
will be the new khal.
He won't want any rivals.
Your boy will be plucked from
your breast and given to the dogs.
I won't leave him.
The wound has festered.
You did this. witch.
Stop it!
I don't want her hurt.
No? You don't want her hurt?
Pray we don't hurt you. too.
You let this witch
lay her hands on our Khal.
Rein in your tongue.
She is still your khaleesi.
Only while
the blood-of-my-blood lives.
When he dies. she is nothing.
I have never been nothing.
I am blood of the dragon.
The dragons are all dead.
khaleesi.
I think you should wear
your armor tonight. ser.
I think you're right.
- You've saved me once more.
- And now you must save him.
He's beyond a healer's skills.
All I can do is ease
his path.
Save him and I will free you.
I swear it.
You must know a way...
some magic...
There is a spell.
Some would say
death is cleaner.
Do it. Save him.
- There is a price.
- You will have gold.
It is not a matter of gold.
This is blood magic.
Only death pays for life.
My death?
No. Not your death. khaleesi.
Bring me his horse.
Khaleesi...
do not do this thing.
- Let me kill this witch.
- Kill her and you kill your khal.
This is bloodmagic.
It is forbidden.
I am your khaleesi.
I tell you what is forbidden.
Go now.
Take her and leave.
Take her!
You must go as well. lady.
Once I begin to sing.
no one may enter the tent.
The dead will dance here tonight.
No one will enter.
Bring him back to me.
- What have you done?
- I have to save him.
We could have been
ten miles from here by now.
on the way to Asshai...
You would have been safe.
- This must not be.
- This must be.
Witch.
No! You can't!
No further. horselord.
Are you hurt?!
- The baby... it's coming...
- Fetch the midwives!
They will not come.
They say she is cursed.
They'll come
or I'll have their heads!
The witch can bring baby.
I hear her say so.
- Are you in agony. my lion?
- No.
You look like you're in agony.
The fire is burning
your pretty soft skin.
Damn you. woman.
Are you immune to pain?
- Just used to it.
- Drink.
Let's play a new game.
There's a Braavosi knife game
I could teach you.
Does it involve the potential
of losing fingers?
Not if you win.
No more fire games. no knife games.
Let's do something I'm good at.
What are you good at?
I happen to be
a great judge of character.
This sounds
like a boring game.
It's not. Here's how it works: I'll
make a statement about your past.
If I'm right. you drink.
If I'm wrong. I drink.
And no lying!
I'll know if you're lying!
I don't want
to play this game.
Fine. Bronn first.
Your father beat you.
But my mother hit harder.
You killed your first man
before you were twelve.
It was a woman.
She was swinging
an axe at me.
You've been north of the Wall.
What brought you up there?
Work.
And... you once loved a woman.
many years ago.
but it turned out badly. so you've
never let yourself love again.
Oh wait. that's me.
Your turn. my mysterious
foreign beauty.
I don't want to play.
It's fun!
Look how much fun we're having!
Your mother was a whore.
Drink.
All right.
Your father left the family
when you were very young.
- Never to return.
- Drink.
And we've established
the rule about lying?
Drink!
You wanted a different life.
You came from somewhere
and you wanted
to be somewhere else.
The whole shit-stained world
could be drinking off that one.
So. specifics.
you wanted to be elsewhere.
but how would you
get there?
I don't think the Silent
Sisters' life is for you.
So what's
a lowborn girl to do?
Drink!
- You're sure...
- Drink!
And don't talk about
my mother and father. Ever.
Or I'll carve your eyes
right out of your head.
If I've offended you.
my lady. I apologize.
- My turn.
- Fine. fine. Ask away.
See if you can penetrate
the enigma that is me!
Who were you in love with?
That's not the way
the game works.
I don't care the way
Our lord here
used to be married.
- Married?
- How did you hear that?
You hear lots of things. playing
dice with Lannister soldiers.
- Another night. perhaps.
- Not another night. This night.
It's not a pleasant story.
Maybe I'll cry.
I'm guessing the lady and I can
tell more unpleasant stories
than your lordship.
So...
I was sixteen.
My brother Jaime and I were riding
when we heard a scream.
and she ran into the road.
clothes half torn off.
with two men on her heels.
Jaime scared off the men easy enough
while I wrapped her in my cloak.
She was too scared to send off
on her own.
so while Jaime hunted down
the rapers
I took her
to the nearest inn and fed her.
Her name was Tysha.
She was a wheelwright's orphan.
and she was hungry.
Together we finished three chickens
and a flagon of wine.
Impossible as it seems.
there was a time
when I wasn't accustomed
to wine.
I forgot how afraid I was
around girls. how I kept waiting
for them to laugh at me.
or look away embarrassed.
or ask about my tall
handsome brother.
I forgot about everything
but Tysha.
And somehow.
I found myself in her bed.
For three chickens.
I should hope so.
I didn't last long. I didn't know
what the hell I was doing.
But she was good to me.
she kissed me afterward.
and sang me a song.
and by the morning
I was deep enough in love
to ask for her hand.
A few lies. a few gold coins.
one drunken septon.
and there you have it:
man and wife.
For about a fortnight.
until the septon sobered up
and told my father.
I imagine that was the end
of all that.
Not quite. First. my father
made Jaime tell me the truth.
The girl was a whore. you see.
Jaime had arranged the whole thing.
the road. the rapers. all of it.
He thought it was time I had a woman.
And after Jaime confessed.
my lord father brought my wife in
and gave her to his guards.
He paid her well.
a silver for each man.
How many whores command
that kind of price?
He took me into the barracks
and made me watch.
By the end. she had so many silvers
that the coins were slipping
through her fingers
and rolling onto the floor.
I would have killed the man
who did that to me.
You should have known
she was a whore.
Really? I was sixteen
and drunk and in love.
A girl who is almost raped
does not invite another man
into her bed two hours later.
As I said.
I was young and stupid...
You're still young
and stupid.
- What is it? What do you want?
- You're sleeping through the war.
They stole a night's march on us.
They're a mile north.
- Get my squire.
- You don't have a squire.
If I die. weep for me.
You'll be dead.
How will you know?
I'll know.
Watch out!
- Stay low.
- Stay low?
If you're lucky.
no one will even notice you.
I was born lucky.
Tribesmen of the Vale!
Gather round!
Stone Crows! Burned Men!
Black Ears! Moon Brothers!
Painted Dogs!
And Painted Dogs! Your dominion
over the Vale begins now!
Onward.
to claim what is yours!
Halfman!
To battle!
You're a shit warrior.
- I'm alive?
- You're alive.
Did we win?
Or we wouldn't be having
this conversation.
How did our tribesmen do?
Good.
It's nice to see them
getting along.
- You're wounded.
- Good of you to notice.
I hear we won.
The scouts were wrong. There were
two thousand Stark bannermen.
not twenty.
Did we get the Stark boy.
at least?
- He wasn't here.
- So where was he?
With his other
eighteen thousand men.
And where are they?
- We should go. my lady.
- No.
My lady...
By the time they knew
what was happening.
it had already happened.
Lady Stark. I'd offer you my sword.
but I seem to have lost it.
It's not your sword I want.
Give me my daughters.
Give me my lord husband.
I've lost them. too.
I'm afraid.
Kill him. Robb.
Send his head his father.
He cut down ten of men.
you saw him.
He's more use to us
alive than dead.
Take him away.
put him in irons.
We could end this war right now. boy.
Save thousands of lives.
You fight for the Starks.
I fight for the Lannisters.
Swords or lances or teeth and nails.
chose your weapons
and let's end it
here and now.
If we do it your way.
Kingslayer... you'd win.
We're not doing it
your way...
Come on. pretty man.
I sent two thousand men
to their graves today.
The bards will sing songs
about their sacrifice.
Aye. But the dead
won't hear them.
One victory
does not make us conquerors.
Did we free my father? Did we
rescue my sisters from the Queen?
Did we free the north from those
who want us on our knees?
This war is far from over.
Could I have one?
A lemon one or any of em.
Three coppers.
How about
a nice fat pigeon?
Piss off now. Go on.
Do you have any stale ones
from yesterday? Or a burnt one?
Piss off.
Where you going?
What's happening?
They're taking him
to the sept of Baelor.
- Who?
- The Hand of the King.
Baelor.
Baelor!
I am Eddard Stark.
Lord of Winterfell
and the Hand of the King.
I come before you to confess
my treason
in the sight of gods
and men.
I betrayed the faith
of my king
and the trust
of my friend. Robert.
I swore to defend and protect
his children.
but before his blood was cold
I plotted to murder his son
and seize the throne
for myself.
Let the High Septon and Baelor
the Blessed bear witness
to what I say.
Joffrey Baratheon is the one
true heir to the Iron Throne.
by the grace of all the gods.
Lord of the Seven Kingdoms
and Protector of the Realm.
As we sin. so do we suffer.
This man has confessed his crimes
in the sight of gods and men.
The gods are just but Blessed Baelor
taught us they are also merciful.
What shall be done
with this traitor. Your Grace?
My mother wishes me to let
Lord Eddard join the Night's Watch.
Stripped of all titles and powers.
he would serve the Realm
in permanent exile.
And my Lady Sansa has begged
mercy for her father.
But they have the soft hearts
of women.
So long as I am your king. treason
shall never go unpunished.
Ser Ilyn.
bring me his head!
Put him down!
- Don't look!
- Let me go! Let me go!
Shut your mouth.
Look at me.
Stop!
Stop him!